ability.covlistlistdatasetsNot a function
ability.cov$covmatrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
ability.cov$centernumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
ability.cov$n.obsnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
airmilestsnumericdatasetsNot a function
AirPassengerstsnumericdatasetsNot a function
airqualitydata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
airquality$OzoneintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
airquality$Solar.RintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
airquality$WindnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
airquality$TempintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
airquality$MonthintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
airquality$DayintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
anscombedata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
anscombe$x1numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
anscombe$x2numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
anscombe$x3numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
anscombe$x4numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
anscombe$y1numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
anscombe$y2numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
anscombe$y3numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
anscombe$y4numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attenudata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
attenu$eventnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attenu$magnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attenu$stationfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
attenu$distnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attenu$accelnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attitudedata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
attitude$ratingnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attitude$complaintsnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attitude$privilegesnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attitude$learningnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attitude$raisesnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attitude$criticalnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
attitude$advancenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
austrestsnumericdatasetsNot a function
beaver1data.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
beaver1$daynumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
beaver1$timenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
beaver1$tempnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
beaver1$activnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
beaver2data.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
beaver2$daynumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
beaver2$timenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
beaver2$tempnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
beaver2$activnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
BJsalestsnumericdatasetsNot a function
BJsales.leadtsnumericdatasetsNot a function
BODdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
BOD$TimenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
BOD$demandnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
carsdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
cars$speednumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
cars$distnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
ChickWeightnfnGroupedDatadata.framedatasetsNot a function
ChickWeight$weightnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
ChickWeight$TimenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
ChickWeight$ChickorderedfactordatasetsNot a function
ChickWeight$DietfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
chickwtsdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
chickwts$weightnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
chickwts$feedfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
co2tsnumericdatasetsNot a function
CO2nfnGroupedDatadata.framedatasetsNot a function
CO2$PlantorderedfactordatasetsNot a function
CO2$TypefactorfactordatasetsNot a function
CO2$TreatmentfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
CO2$concnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
CO2$uptakenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
crimtabtablenumericdatasetsNot a function
discoveriestsnumericdatasetsNot a function
DNasenfnGroupedDatadata.framedatasetsNot a function
DNase$RunorderedfactordatasetsNot a function
DNase$concnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
DNase$densitynumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
esophdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
esoph$agegporderedfactordatasetsNot a function
esoph$alcgporderedfactordatasetsNot a function
esoph$tobgporderedfactordatasetsNot a function
esoph$ncasesnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
esoph$ncontrolsnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
euronumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
euro.crossmatrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
eurodistdistnumericdatasetsNot a function
EuStockMarketsmtsnumericdatasetsNot a function
faithfuldata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
faithful$eruptionsnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
faithful$waitingnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
fdeathstsnumericdatasetsNot a function
Formaldehydedata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
Formaldehyde$carbnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Formaldehyde$optdennumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
freenydata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
freeny$ytsnumericdatasetsNot a function
freeny$lag.quarterly.revenuenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
freeny$price.indexnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
freeny$income.levelnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
freeny$market.potentialnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
freeny.xmatrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
freeny.ytsnumericdatasetsNot a function
HairEyeColortablenumericdatasetsNot a function
Harman23.corlistlistdatasetsNot a function
Harman23.cor$covmatrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
Harman23.cor$centernumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Harman23.cor$n.obsnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Harman74.corlistlistdatasetsNot a function
Harman74.cor$covmatrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
Harman74.cor$centernumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Harman74.cor$n.obsnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
IndomethnfnGroupedDatadata.framedatasetsNot a function
Indometh$SubjectorderedfactordatasetsNot a function
Indometh$timenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Indometh$concnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
infertdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
infert$educationfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
infert$agenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
infert$paritynumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
infert$inducednumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
infert$casenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
infert$spontaneousnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
infert$stratumintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
infert$pooled.stratumnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
InsectSpraysdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
InsectSprays$countnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
InsectSprays$sprayfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
irisdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
iris$Sepal.LengthnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
iris$Sepal.WidthnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
iris$Petal.LengthnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
iris$Petal.WidthnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
iris$SpeciesfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
iris3arraynumericdatasetsNot a function
islandsnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
JohnsonJohnsontsnumericdatasetsNot a function
LakeHurontsnumericdatasetsNot a function
ldeathstsnumericdatasetsNot a function
lhtsnumericdatasetsNot a function
LifeCycleSavingsdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
LifeCycleSavings$srnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
LifeCycleSavings$pop15numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
LifeCycleSavings$pop75numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
LifeCycleSavings$dpinumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
LifeCycleSavings$ddpinumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
LoblollynfnGroupedDatadata.framedatasetsNot a function
Loblolly$heightnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Loblolly$agenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Loblolly$SeedorderedfactordatasetsNot a function
longleydata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
longley$GNP.deflatornumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
longley$GNPnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
longley$UnemployednumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
longley$Armed.ForcesnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
longley$PopulationnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
longley$YearintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
longley$EmployednumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
lynxtsnumericdatasetsNot a function
mdeathstsnumericdatasetsNot a function
morleydata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
morley$ExptintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
morley$RunintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
morley$SpeedintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcarsdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
mtcars$mpgnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcars$cylnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcars$dispnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcars$hpnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcars$dratnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcars$wtnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcars$qsecnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcars$vsnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcars$amnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcars$gearnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
mtcars$carbnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
nhtemptsnumericdatasetsNot a function
NiletsnumericdatasetsNot a function
nottemtsnumericdatasetsNot a function
occupationalStatustablenumericdatasetsNot a function
OrangenfnGroupedDatadata.framedatasetsNot a function
Orange$TreeorderedfactordatasetsNot a function
Orange$agenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Orange$circumferencenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
OrchardSpraysdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
OrchardSprays$decreasenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
OrchardSprays$rowposnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
OrchardSprays$colposnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
OrchardSprays$treatmentfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
PlantGrowthdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
PlantGrowth$weightnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
PlantGrowth$groupfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
precipnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
presidentstsnumericdatasetsNot a function
pressuredata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
pressure$temperaturenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
pressure$pressurenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Puromycindata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
Puromycin$concnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Puromycin$ratenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Puromycin$statefactorfactordatasetsNot a function
quakesdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
quakes$latnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
quakes$longnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
quakes$depthintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
quakes$magnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
quakes$stationsintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
randudata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
randu$xnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
randu$ynumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
randu$znumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
riversnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
rockdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
rock$areaintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
rock$perinumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
rock$shapenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
rock$permnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
SeatbeltsmtsnumericdatasetsNot a function
sleepdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
sleep$extranumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
sleep$groupfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
sleep$IDfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
stacklossdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
stackloss$Air.FlownumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
stackloss$Water.TempnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
stackloss$Acid.Conc.numericnumericdatasetsNot a function
stackloss$stack.lossnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
stack.lossnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
stack.xmatrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
state.abbcharactercharacterdatasetsNot a function
state.areanumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
state.centerlistlistdatasetsNot a function
state.center$xnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
state.center$ynumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
state.divisionfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
state.namecharactercharacterdatasetsNot a function
state.regionfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
state.x77matrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
sunspot.monthtsnumericdatasetsNot a function
sunspotstsnumericdatasetsNot a function
sunspot.yeartsnumericdatasetsNot a function
swissdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
swiss$FertilitynumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
swiss$AgriculturenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
swiss$ExaminationintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
swiss$EducationintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
swiss$CatholicnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
swiss$Infant.MortalitynumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
TheophnfnGroupedDatadata.framedatasetsNot a function
Theoph$SubjectorderedfactordatasetsNot a function
Theoph$WtnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Theoph$DosenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Theoph$TimenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
Theoph$concnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
TitanictablenumericdatasetsNot a function
ToothGrowthdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
ToothGrowth$lennumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
ToothGrowth$suppfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
ToothGrowth$dosenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
treeringtsnumericdatasetsNot a function
treesdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
trees$GirthnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
trees$HeightnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
trees$VolumenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
UCBAdmissionstablenumericdatasetsNot a function
UKDriverDeathstsnumericdatasetsNot a function
UKgastsnumericdatasetsNot a function
USAccDeathstsnumericdatasetsNot a function
USArrestsdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
USArrests$MurdernumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USArrests$AssaultintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
USArrests$UrbanPopintegernumericdatasetsNot a function
USArrests$RapenumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatingsdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$CONTnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$INTGnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$DMNRnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$DILGnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$CFMGnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$DECInumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$PREPnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$FAMInumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$ORALnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$WRITnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$PHYSnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USJudgeRatings$RTENnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
USPersonalExpenditurematrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
uspoptsnumericdatasetsNot a function
VADeathsmatrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
volcanomatrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
warpbreaksdata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
warpbreaks$breaksnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
warpbreaks$woolfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
warpbreaks$tensionfactorfactordatasetsNot a function
womendata.framedata.framedatasetsNot a function
women$heightnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
women$weightnumericnumericdatasetsNot a function
WorldPhonesmatrixnumericdatasetsNot a function
WWWusagetsnumericdatasetsNot a function
